Post feature selection correlation analysis (#15)
WayScience/NF1_SchwannCell_data_analysis: 0.data_analysis/construct_phenotypic_expression_plate_4_fs_data/median_correlation_relationships/post_fs_aggregation_correlations/README.md

> # Aggregate Correlation Analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Aggregate Correlation Analysis

```

Reviewer: Please make sure there are new lines after markdown headers

Author: Just changed this for both headers and subheaders

> In this analysis, the effect of different treatments on aggregated cell expression were compared, these treatments can be summarized as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this analysis, we compare the effect of different treatments on aggregated cell morphology profiles using correlation.
We summarize these treatments as follows:
```

Minor edits to move to active voice (instead of passive voice) and to clarify

Author: That makes sense, just made the adjustments

- siRNA constructs 1 and 2 target the mRNA of the NF1 gene.
- Scramble is a random siRNA sequence.
- No Treatment is the state without any perturbation

> ### Correlation Comparisons
> The single cells were aggregated post feature selection to calculate pairwise correlations across wells between:
> - The same siRNA constructs within each construct concentration
> - Different siRNA constructs within each construct concentration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Correlation Comparisons

We aggregated single cells post normalization and feature selection to calculate pairwise correlations across wells between:

- The same siRNA constructs within each construct concentration
- Different siRNA constructs within each construct concentration
```

Author: Changed!

> ### Visualzing Comparisons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Visualizing Comparisons
```

Author: Good catch!

Author: Good catch!

> Correlations were then plotted as boxplots for each concentration in the following groups:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We then plot pairwise correlations as boxplots for each concentration in the following groups:
```

Author: Changed!
